                                 PAYWARD LTD

                                      CRYPTO ASSET RISK DISCLOSURE
                                                       Mantra (OM)

Last updated on February 13, 2025

Disclaimer

Please note that this Crypto Asset Statement is not exhaustive of all risks associated with trading OM.
Investors should perform their own assessment to determine the appropriate level of risk for their
personal circumstances. Be sure to do your own research and due diligence while taking into account
your own financial situation and risk tolerance. Please review the Risk Summary for additional
discussion of general risks associated with the assets made available in the platform. These materials
are for general information purposes only and are not investment advice or a recommendation or
solicitation to buy, sell or hold any crypto asset or to engage in any specific trading strategy. The
information contained in this Crypto Asset Statement is based on publicly available information that
may be inaccurate, incomplete, or change at any time.

What is Mantra and how does it work?

Mantra is a Layer 1 blockchain built on the Cosmos SDK, designed to facilitate the tokenization of
real-world assets (RWAs). By offering interoperability between traditional finance (TradFi) and
decentralized finance (DeFi), Mantra enables users to tokenize assets such as art, commodities, or real
estate on a permissionless chain that supports both permissionless and permissioned applications.

Mantra's native utility token, OM, serves multiple functions within the ecosystem. It is used for gas fees
and grants holders the ability to participate in governance by submitting and voting on proposals. OM
can also be staked to earn rewards.

The platform offers a suite of natively built modules to support RWA tokenization. Mantra Compliance
helps Web3 platforms meet regulatory requirements, Mantra Token Service allows users to create and
issue their own digital assets, Mantra Assets facilitates the issuance of security tokens, and Mantra DEX
serves as a decentralized hub for RWA asset trading.

Who is behind the project?

Mantra's DAO was established in 2020. The project was co-founded by John Patrick Mullin and Jayant
Ramanad. As of May 2024, Charu Pareek serves as Head of Product and Matthew Crooks is Mantra's
Chief Technology Officer.

Tokenomics of OM
The original supply of OM was capped at 888,888,888. In February 2024, Mantra approved a governance
proposal to mint an additional 888,888,888 OM tokens for its mainnet in addition to the existing
888,888,888 OM limit. As of February 2025, OM has a circulating supply of ~972,118,679 OM.

Initial distribution:

                         Category                      Amount
Initial Distribution
Public Sale                               888,888,888
Private Sale                              8.5%
Team & Advisors                           9%
Referrals                                 17.5%
Grants                                    12.5%
Reserves                                  12.5%
Staking Rewards                           10%
Second Distribution                       30%
Upgrade to Mainnet Incentive              888,888,888
Core Contributors                         35%
Mainnet Pre-Seed                          33.8%
Mainnet Seed                              11.2%
Genesis Airdrop and Incentivised testnet  10.2%
Ecosystem                                 5.6%
                                          4.2%

General Risks

Like all other digital assets, there are some general risks to investing in OM. These include short history
risk, volatility risk, liquidity risk, demand risk, forking risk, code defects, cryptography risk, regulatory risk,
concentration risk, electronic trading risk and cyber security risk. For more information on general risks
associated with smart contracts and digital assets, see Kraken's Risk Statement.
Risks specific to MANTRA

Competition Risks

MANTRA faces competition from other RWAprojects such as CPOOL and ONDO. OM's value derives from
the protocol's broader adoption in the market. If OM fails to achieve sufficient adoption compared to the
other options in the market, this could negatively impact the value of OM.

Due Diligence
Prior to listing on the Kraken platform, Kraken performed due diligence on OM and determined it was
permitted to make OM available for trading to UK users. This process generally consists of reviewing
publicly available information on the following:

     The creation, governance, usage and design of OM, including the source code, security and
         roadmap for growth in the developer community and, if available, the background of the
         developer(s) that created OM;

     The supply, demand, maturity, utility and liquidity of OM;
     Material technical risks associated with OM, including any code defects, security breaches and

         other threats concerning OM and its supporting blockchain (such as the susceptibility to hacking
         and impact of forking), or the practices and protocols that apply to them; and
     Legal and regulatory risks associated with OM, including (i) any pending, potential, or prior civil,
         regulatory, criminal, or enforcement action relating to the issuance, distribution, or use of OM,
         and (ii) consideration of statements made by any regulators or securities regulatory authorities
         in the UK, other regulators of the International Organization of Securities Commissions, or the
         regulator with the most significant connection to OM about whether OM, or generally about
         whether the type of crypto asset, is a security and/or derivative.

 Don't invest unless you're prepared to lose all the money you invest. This is a high-risk investment
 and you should not expect to be protected if something goes wrong. Take 2 mins to learn more.

Payward Ltd (trading as Kraken) is registered as a cryptoasset firm with the Financial Conduct Authority
(FRN: 928768) registered office at 6th Floor, One London Wall, London, EC2Y 5EB. Cryptoasset services
offered by Payward Ltd are unregulated and not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
as well as the FCA's consumer protection regulations. Note the value of cryptoassets can go down as well
as up, gains may be subject to Capital Gains Tax and there may be extra charges when paying via credit
card from your provider.
