                Horse Lease Token (HLT) ­ Feb 2026

                       Risk Disclosure Statement

1. This notice provides a description of risks that are associated with investing
    and trading Virtual Assets ("Notice").

2. At present there are:

    a. Tokinvest is a full market licensed Broker Dealer operating under the
         Dubai Virtual Asset Regulatory Authority (VARA) regulatory framework in
         full compliance of all published Rulebooks

    b. there are no identified conflicts of interest arising out of Tokinvest's trading
         or business activities

    c. strict policies and control mechanisms are in place that deal with
         proprietary positions and revenue sharing arrangements with partners.
         These comply with guidance in the VARA Rulebooks and are part of our
         licensing requirement as a VARA regulated entity; and

    d. no member of the Tokinvest senior management or board has any past
         convictions or prosecutions, whether before the courts of the UAE or the
         courts of another jurisdiction.

3. Capitalised Terms used in this notice are defined in our Brokerage Terms of
    Business published on the www.Tokinvest.capital website, the current version
    of which are available on the www.Tokinvest.capital website ("Site").

4. All users and clients of our Brokerage Services are advised to carefully study
    the risks described in this Notice.

5. Tokinvest Virtual Assets which you custody with us are under the control of
    Tokinvest, however all client assets are segregated in bankruptcy remote
    legal structures designed to isolate them from potential risks associated with
    the financial health of the company. This ensures that any impairment or
    insolvency of Tokinvest as a business will not affect assets held for clients.
    Tokinvest is not a VARA regulated Custody service provider. Tokinvest will
    provide Virtual Asset Custody only as an incidental activity to its Brokerage
    Services leveraging a third-party VARA regulated Custodian and/or third-party
    custody technology solutions providers. As further described in paragraphs 64
    a-c of these Terms, Hex Trust will act as custodian for all Virtual Assets
    except for Hedera based tokens;
6. We do not provide professional financial advice and nothing in this Notice
    shall be construed as such. You shall not make any investment decision
    without first conducting your own research.

7. Tokinvest does not hold or maintain funds or Virtual Assets or provide
    clearing services for other VASPs providing Broker-Dealer Services.

8. Tokinvest does not introduce our clients to any other VASPs.

9. This Notice does not set out all risks arising in relation to Virtual Assets and
    should not be relied upon as doing so. The risks applicable to any particular
    investment or Virtual Asset will depend on your particular circumstances and
    the terms of the relevant transaction. You should not deal in any investment
    unless you understand the nature of the product you are dealing in (or
    contract you are entering into), the extent of your exposure to risk, and unless
    you are satisfied that the product is appropriate for you.

10. Types of risks that may have an impact on your investment include liquidity
    risk, market risk, settlement risk, currency risk, operational risk, business risk,
    tax risk, regulatory risk, legal risk, barriers to or restrictions on divestment,
    risks inherent to OTC trading and/or risks as a result of you assuming
    additional obligations in relation to the investment.

    - Settlement Risk: Transacting in Virtual Assets with Tokinvest involves
    transfer of fiat currency to and from our client money account with Zand Bank
    and of Virtual Assets to and from wallets within our custodian Hex Trust.
    There is a possibility that the settlement of these transfers are delayed or may
    fail. To mitigate this risk Tokinvest employs industry leading risk management
    practices around transaction settlement which include;
    a) fiat direct transfers into a Zand Bank client money account, including
    payment instructions and unique customer reference numbers available.
    b) ongoing reconciliation and immediate advice upon receipt of funds.
    c) comprehensive internal token and wallet management.
    d) activity audit and reporting on all transactions.
    Any queries or concerns around settlement should be escalated in the first
    instance to the Tokinvest Client Support team via email, phone or webchat.
    - Liquidity Risk ­whilst Tokinvest will strive to provide a liquid marketplace for
    investors, there may be periods where it is not possible to buy or sell these
    tokens in the amount, or at the price desired, which may lead to a missed
    opportunity or a financial loss on your investment.

11. We have no obligation to inform you about tax or legal consequences of
    Virtual Asset Trading. As both tax and regulatory treatment of Virtual Assets
    can vary significantly across jurisdictions, we strongly encourage you to seek
    independent, qualified professional advice regarding your individual situation.
12. You are advised to read and understand the risks involved in trading and
    custody of Virtual Assets.

13. Anyone who uses our Site or the Brokerage Services acknowledges and
    agrees that Tokinvest shall not be responsible for or otherwise liable for any
    direct or indirect loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or
    indirectly from the occurrence in full or in part of any or all of the following risk
    events.

14. You will also need to read the whitepaper, and any other offering
    memorandum associated with Virtual Asset issuances.

15. While most of the Virtual Assets which Tokinvest will broker are expected to
    be real world asset backed Virtual Assets, there is a risk of volatility and
    unpredictability of the price of Virtual Assets relative to fiat currencies.

16. Trading in Virtual Assets may be susceptible to irrational market forces and
    there is a risk of increased risk of Financial Crime.

17. The nature of Virtual Assets may lead to an increased risk of cyber-attack and
    there may be limitations around mechanisms for the recovery of lost or stolen
    Virtual Assets.

18. Virtual Asset balances are generally maintained as an address on the
    blockchain and are accessed through private keys, which may be held by a
    market participant or a custodian. Although Virtual Asset transactions are not
    typically private and are publicly available on a blockchain or distributed
    ledger, the public address does not identify the controller, owner or holder of
    the private key. Unlike bank and brokerage accounts, Virtual Asset
    exchanges and custodians that hold Virtual Assets do not always identify the
    owner. The opaque underlying or spot market may pose asset verification
    challenges for market participants, regulators and auditors and potentially
    give rise to an increased risk of manipulation and fraud.

19. You are hereby notified, accept and confirm your understanding that Virtual
    Assets:

    a. may lose their value in part or in full;
    b. may not always be transferable;
    c. may not be liquid; and
    d. may be subject to fraud, manipulation, theft, including through hacks and

         other targeted schemes, and loss.

    There is no assurance that you will be able to sell Virtual Assets.
20. Any links to Virtual Assets related activity outside the Emirate of Dubai, which
    may be unregulated or subject to limited regulation and any regulatory
    changes or actions by VARA or Non-VARA Regulator that may adversely
    affect the use, transfer, exchange, and value of a Virtual Asset.

21. Trading on an online platform exposes the participants to internet related risks
    and the internet may be unreliable or unavailable at any given time.
    Interruption, delay, corruption or loss of data or loss of confidentiality in the
    transmission of data, may occur when transmitting data via the internet and
    trading instructions may be delayed, intercepted, altered, or lost during
    transmission, due to hardware, software or network connectivity issues or any
    other issues arising from service provided by third party vendors.

22. Virtual Assets are a new and evolving asset class and are part of a new and
    rapidly evolving industry that is subject to a degree of uncertainty. The
    investment characteristics of particular Virtual Assets may differ significantly.

23. The legal status of certain Virtual Assets may be uncertain or vary from one
    country to the next. You have a responsibility to comply with the relevant
    Applicable Laws.

24. Transfer from, or storage of Virtual Assets in a digital wallet exposes the
    Virtual Asset to the risk of loss due to security breaches arising from hacking,
    phishing, social engineering, smurfing, malware, spoofing and such other
    means and it may not be possible to recover lost or stolen Virtual Assets.

25. It may prove difficult to determine the value of a given Virtual Asset from time
    to time, due to price volatility and the fragmentation of the markets and the
    creation of new and innovative products and legal structures made possible
    by the use of tokenisation technology. In addition, dispersed liquidity may
    pose challenges for market participants trying to exit a position, particularly
    during periods of stress.

26. Virtual Assets and the underlying DLT technology typically involve
    cryptographic and other algorithmic protocols that regulate the issuance and
    transfer of Virtual Assets. This is a new and rapidly evolving industry that is
    subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. As Virtual Asset
    networks continue to develop and grow, certain technical issues might be
    uncovered, and the troubleshooting and resolution of such issues will likely
    require the attention and efforts of decentralised development communities.
    The evolving nature of DLT means that a malicious actor may be able to
    misappropriate your Virtual Assets.

27. In addition to the provisions of this disclosure statement, we may make
    additional disclosures from time to time or amend this statement in
    accordance with the requirements set out Rule I.B of the VARA Broker-Dealer
    Services Rulebook, Market Conduct Rulebook and Compliance and Risk
    Management Rulebook.

28. Tokinvest uses third-party providers for fiat services:

    a. Zand Bank ­ UAE authorised bank for Tokinvest operational accounts and
         Client Money Accounts.

    b. Wio Bank for Tokinvest operational accounts.

29. In addition to the risks associated with trading and investing in Virtual Assets,
    the below risks are specifically associated with investment in Horses and
    Horse Lease products.

30. Performance Risk: There is no guarantee that a horse will win any prize
    money during the life of the lease. A horse could become the subject of an
    inquiry, get injured, or become ill and be unable to compete in races.

31. Potential Regulatory Changes: Unforeseen changes to laws or regulations
    could impact prize money entitlement.

32. Horse Management Risks: Tokinvest has endeavoured to select and work
    with established racehorse management companies with excellent
    reputations, however there is a risk that breakdowns in operational processes
    and past performance does not guarantee future performance.

33. Investor Protections: Investors should be aware that, unlike with certain
    traditional financial instruments or securities offered under regulated markets,
    this Virtual Asset is not covered by a statutory compensation or protection
    scheme outside of those provided by the underlying asset.

34. Reserve Asset Requirement: The Reserve Asset requirement is not
    applicable to the HLT for the following legal and unique structural reasons:-
    a. No Redemption Obligation or Right
    The HLT does not entitle the holder to any redemption in cash, kind, or other
    form. Upon lease expiry:
    · The token is burnt,
    · No residual claim arises, and
    · The holder has no right to repayment or retrieval of subscription value .
    This extinguishes any enforceable redemption obligation which would
    otherwise require a corresponding reserve.
    b. No Pegged Value
    The HLT white paper expressly states that the HLT does not purport to
    maintain a stable value. The value of the token on expiry of the lease terms is
    zero. The HLT does not represent a stable or pegged value linked to any
    asset or index. The token's value in is:
    · Contingent upon racehorse performance, and
             · Dependent on the commercial discretion of the horse owner and lease
             manager.
             c. No Legal or Beneficial Ownership in a Real-World Asset
             While the HLT references a real-world horse, it expressly disclaims ownership
             rights over the animal. Tokenholders receive limited-time usage rights under a
             lease governed by NZTR rules, but no legal title or claim to the underlying
             asset is conferred.
             This negates the need for classification as an ARVA token requiring reserve
             arrangements.
             d. Funds Are Used Operationally, Not Reserved
             Investor subscription funds are explicitly designated for training, care, and
             operational management of the leased horse. They are not:
             · Held in trust,
             · Deposited as a financial reserve,
             · Segregated for later redemption.
             Accordingly, these funds do not function as reserve assets, nor are they
             intended to back redemptions.

Investor Hereby Acknowledges and agrees to the terms of the above Whitepaper and
Risk Disclosure Statement:-

Name

Scott Thiel

----------------------------------------------------

Signature

----------------------------------------------------

Date
2 February 2026
